feat: added ignore flag to vocab push (#282)
seek-oss/vocab: README.md

vocab push --branch my-branch --delete-unused-keys
```

> #### Ignore files
> 
> When uploading translations, Phrase identifies all translation files in the project. You can ignore
> specific files from being parsed and uploaded by providing the
> `--ignore [array] [default: []]` flag to `vocab push`. This flag accepts an array of glob patterns to ignore.
> 
> ```sh
> vocab push --branch my-branch --ignore "**/ignored_directory/**" "**/another_ignored_directory/**"
> ```
> 
> note: There is an `ignore` key inside the `vocab.config.js` file that can be used to ignore files from being compiled, validated, and uploaded. This option is separate and is only used to ignore additional files from being uploaded. For example when your directory contains `/dist` or `/build` folders that you wish to exclude from being uploaded.

Reviewer: I feel like the distinction between this flag and the `ignore` config, as well as the example use case, are the most important parts, so should come first.

```suggestion
#### Ignoring Files

The `ignore` key in your [Vocab config](#configuration) allows you to ignore certain files from being validated, compiled and uploaded.
However, in some cases you may only want certain files to be compiled and validated, but not uploaded, such as those present in a build output directory.
This can be accomplished by providing the `--ignore` flag to `vocab push`.
This flag accepts an array of glob patterns to ignore.

```sh
vocab push --branch my-branch --ignore "**/dist/**" "**/another_ignored_directory/**"
```
